SOFTWARE DISCLAIMER

The software, applications, programs and scripts (collectively, the ‘Software’)
developed by Howutrade Software Solutions LLP (‘Howutrade’) are using
the publicly available API of trading member.

An application program interface (API) is a set of routines, protocols, and
tools for building software applications. API allows two software programs or 
applications to communicate with each other. The API defines the correct way 
for a developer to write a program that requests services from an operating 
system (OS) or other application.

The software developed by Howutrade are solely for informational & 
educational purposes only. Howutrade is not responsible for any losses incurred 
as a result of using any of the software. All the software are 
used at your own risk. It should not be assumed that the methods, techniques, 
or indicators presented in the software will be profitable, or that they will 
not result in losses.

None of the software developed by Howutrade constitutes a recommendation that 
any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction or investment 
strategy is suitable for any specific person. The software should not be 
relied upon as advice or construed as providing recommendations of any kind. 
The software developed by Howutrade do not provide, imply, or otherwise 
constitute a guarantee of performance.

You should take necessary regulatory approvals if any, required to use the 
software for trading or investment in stock markets. For any and all 
compliance related queries, you can contact your trading member.

Howutrade is not a stock broker or trading member,is not an investment advisor 
and has no access to non-public information about publicly traded companies. 
Howutrade is not giving or receiving of financial advice, advice concerning 
investment decisions or tax or legal advice. Consult with a licensed investment 
advisor and a tax advisor to determine the suitability of any investment. You 
are advised to conduct your own independent research into individual stocks 
before making a purchase decision. In addition, you are advised that past stock 
performance is not indicative of future price action and it should not be 
assumed that future results will be profitable or will equal past performance, 
real, indicated or implied. You should be aware of the risks involved in stock 
investments.